Imagine this: Che Guevara of 2022, but without a communist mindset, 
that took out North Korea's regime, got Putin out from power, restored liberty in Saudi Arabia, 
got Africa a new world-view and built and helped young man be strong, masculine and happy. How does it sound?

I've been comparing myself to Che in many ways, many times. I was and I still am very interested and glued
to his character, personality and mindset. However, I didn't resonate with his communist thinking. He wasn't
a traditional leninism communist, but he thought that communism was the solution for Cuba. Even if he used
the communism not in a tiranistic, locked up, sovietic way. Even if he and Castro did better for the people by
overthrowing the Batista regime. 
But communism is locked up with the old soviets, in a tirany-induced, anti-freedom, anti-west BS. 
Now, I don't really like democracy either. And before you get triggered by what I said, listen.
I don't like the idea of any weak-ass politicians to put propaganda and BS on people's heads, 
just for them to take the votes in order to suddenly take power and totally destroying a country. 

What if you can create a state, controlled by the people, for the people?
Hacktivists from Anonymous have been trying to do this for years. People don't actually like the idea of
anarchism, but it's actually the solution for many countries, for many poor states and for many oppresive 
governments. (I just put myself on every watchlist in the world.)
Look, I'm not a politician. I am a revolutionary. I would rather take down dictators that have a history of screwing up
human rights rather than cocking up that I won the presidential election of America. 

So people call me an anarchist. And they're not that far from the truth. 
I am sort of a anarchism-induced guy. But I think that a leader is not that bad having. 
Somebody who can skyrocket the country or state, like that guy in school which everybody 
wanted to be in team with. That guy put everybody onto a motivated productive workflow, 
so the team was the best of the best. A leader of focus, commitment, strongness. A motivating mf which everybody looked up to. 
That type of guy should be our leader. Not any dickhead which has a politics university degree and a relationship with Zuckerberg.

A guy which can motivate people, get men to be strong and masculine and full of testosterone, and get women to be in their
natural feminine side and full of love and estrogen. He should be our leader. 

And now I just may present myself. 
I'm David Indre. I free, lead, inspire, entertain and change people in the best way possible. 
Welcome into my thinking. Welcome into my vision. 
I'm somewhat active on Twitter and that's where I update this movements status and others.

For business, help, or enforcer things, you have my email down here. And as Hamza Ahmed says; Do the hard work, especially when you don't feel like it.

Email (Business/Help/Enforcing) - restorelib@protonmail.com - 
